Development Environment
=======================

Currently, this package serves as an interface to the cpp binaries of k-Wave.
For this reason, the k-Wave binaries are packaged with the code in this repository.
The k-Wave binaries can currently be found on the `k-Wave download page <http://www.k-wave.org/download.php>`_.

In order to correctly set up your development environment for this repository, clone the repository from github, and install the project dependencies.

.. code-block:: bash

    git clone https://github.com/waltsims/k-wave-python
    cd k-wave-python
    pip install -e '.[dev,test]' 

This installs all the dependencies for development, and testing.

Ensure pre-commit is configured by running the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

    pre-commit install

Next, download all k-Wave binaries from the `k-Wave download page <http://www.k-wave.org/download.php>`_.

Lastly, place the contents of the linux-binaries, and windows-executables directories in the project directory structure under ``kwave/bin/linux/``, ``kwave/bin/darwin`` and ``kwave/bin/windows`` respectively.
You will have to create the directory structure yourself.

With this, you are ready to develop k-Wave-python.
If you have any issues or questions, please post them on the `k-Wave-python discussions page <https://github.com/waltsims/k-wave-python/discussions>`_ to discuss. We look forward to interacting with you.


Test References
=======================

In order to ensure that the python interface is working correctly, we have created a set of tests that compare the output of the python interface to the output of the matlab interface.
These tests are located in the ``tests`` directory. The comparison between ``matlab`` and ``python`` outputs are done in two ways:

- Using ``.mat`` files. The files are generated by running Matlab scripts that are located in the ``tests/matlab_test_data_collectors`` directory.
- Using ``.json`` files which are generated by hashing the Matlab variables. These are located at ``tests/reference_outputs/``. In order to regenerate the ``.json`` files, check the ``H5Summary`` class and its ``.save(...)`` method.
